= tagomatic

Simple command-line mp3 tagger based on mp3info gem. Supports folder-specific configuration files.

Another mp3 tagger the world does not need.

But I needed it. I have a large collection of old mp3 files. From times when tagging was mostly
based on the file and folder names. When v2 tags where nowhere close..

== Overview

Modes of operation:

* The tagger will try to guess the tags from the full file path by applying a set of known formats.
* The tagger will apply specific tags given on the command-line.
* The tagger will match specific formats given on the command-line.
* Arbitrary combination of the before-mentioned modes.

The scanner supports recursive folder handling. Of course.

Right now v2 tags are the focus.

It is probably best to call this alpha ware.

== Usage

For my genre/artist/album/track.mp3 collection I use this invocation pattern:

tagomatic --underscores --guess --recurse --showtags --errorstops --cleantags /media/music/

Then I add folder-specific .tagomatic or .format= files whenever an error occurs.

== The .tagomatic file

You can put the (long version) of the command line options into folder-specific .tagomatic files.
These options are then valid only for this folder and sub-folders.

This is useful - for example - if you want to switch guessing off for sub-folders.

== The .format= files

You can add files named .format= to sub-folders. They will be picked up by tagomatic and added as
custom formats just as if you would have passed them on the command line using the --format option.

Because the slash is not allowed in file names you have to replace it with a vertical dash like in
this example:

.format=%g|%a|%b|%n - %t.mp3

These formats are valid only for this folder and sub-folders.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Daniel Lukic. See LICENSE for details.
